if we do this we risk everything
[Music]
I used to live my life a quarter mile at
a time but things changed our Father now
I will always be in your heart
little Brian I have a gift for you your
daddy gave me this no I'm gonna give it
to you
it's very special it's for protection
from what's coming
all right down what's next no matter how
fast you walk
compared to you know not runs there past
your vegetable coming and mine just
caught up to me there's a long time down
[Music]
so we're up against a master thief
fasten high-performance driver
who is he
[Music]
Jacob is Dom's brother your whole life
you pushed yourself to be faster than
Donna smarter than down stronger than
time
but could you kill him
[Music]
because I'm ready if you are there's
nothing more powerful than the love of
Fatma you turn that into anger there's
nothing more dangerous maybe this is the
end but we won't go out together you
know I'd ride to the death with you
[Music]
let's get to work please tell me that's
not a Pontiac Fiero strapped through a
rocket engine impressive I no no no
that's that's not in for us
I came here to take you down a little
father that's your mistake
this is my world
damn they got a magnet plane hold on
tell me you're not thinking what I think
you're thinking there's no bridge
oh hell not
[Music]
hey guys surprise
nice Clubhouse
you